feat: Add Top-N Tutorial (#43)
confluentinc/tutorials: top-N/flinksql/README.md

# Get top (or bottom) 'N' events with Flink SQL

> Suppose you some service or product, and you want to see the top uses from an eventstream.  For example, consider work for a video streaming service like NetFlix or Hulu.  You want to see the top five movies by max number of views in realtime.  To do this ranking, you can use a [Top-N query](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.19/docs/dev/table/sql/queries/topn/). 

Reviewer: missing word "Suppose you ____ some service". "Suppose you monitor ..."?

> Suppose you some service or product, and you want to see the top uses from an eventstream.  For example, consider work for a video streaming service like NetFlix or Hulu.  You want to see the top five movies by max number of views in realtime.  To do this ranking, you can use a [Top-N query](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.19/docs/dev/table/sql/queries/topn/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you some service or product, and you want to see the top uses from an event stream.  For example, consider working as an analyst for a video streaming service like Netflix or Hulu.  You want to see the top three movies by max number of views in real time.  To do this ranking, you can use a [Top-N query](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.19/docs/dev/table/sql/queries/topn/). 
```

## Setup

Let's assume the following DDL for our base `movie_views` table:

```sql
TABLE movie_views (
    id INT,
    title STRING,
    genre STRING,
    num_views BIGINT
);
```

## Compute the Top-N views

> Given the `movie_views` table definition above, we can retrieve the top three movies by genre that have max views in realtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the `movie_views` table definition above, we can retrieve the top three movies by genre that have max views in real time.
```

```sql
SELECT title, genre, num_views, category_rank
FROM (
       SELECT *,
              ROW_NUMBER() OVER (PARTITION BY genre ORDER BY num_views DESC) as category_rank
       FROM movie_views
     )
WHERE category_rank <= 3;
```

> The subquery here is doing the heavy lifting, so let's take a detailed look at it.  The subquery orders the movies by the number views (descending) and assigns a unique number to each row.  This process makes it possible to rank movies where the row number is less than or equal to five. Let’s discuss the critical parts of the subquery:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subquery here is doing the heavy lifting, so let's take a detailed look at it.  The subquery orders the movies by the number of views (descending) and assigns a unique number to each row.  This process makes it possible to rank movies where the row number is less than or equal to three. Let’s discuss the critical parts of the subquery:
```

   Star Wars: The Force Awakens                         Sci-Fi               220220                    3
            Pride and Prejudice                        Romance               260260                    2
                        Titanic                        Romance               250250                    3 
  ```

  When you are finished, clean up the containers used for this tutorial by running:

  ```shell
  docker compose -f ./docker/docker-compose-flinksql.yml down
  ```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Confluent Cloud</summary>

  #### Prerequisites

  * A [Confluent Cloud](https://confluent.cloud/signup) account
  * A Flink compute pool created in Confluent Cloud. Follow [this](https://docs.confluent.io/cloud/current/flink/get-started/quick-start-cloud-console.html) quick start to create one.

  #### Run the commands

  In the Confluent Cloud Console, navigate to your environment and then click the `Open SQL Workspace` button for the compute
  pool that you have created.

  Select the default catalog (Confluent Cloud environment) and database (Kafka cluster) to use with the dropdowns at the top right.

>   Finally, run following SQL statements to create the `movie_sales` table, populate it with test data, and run the aggregating min/max query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Finally, run following SQL statements to create the `movie_views` table, populate it with test data, and run the Top-N query.
```
